Migrate content from Wiki to docset (#8905)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Case-Sensitivity.md

---
description: This article explains how PowerShell handles case-sensitivity.
ms.custom: wiki-migration
ms.date: 06/06/2022
title: about Case-Sensitivity
Locale: en-US
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_case-sensitivity?view=powershell-5.1&WT.mc_id=ps-gethelp

---
# about_Case-Sensitivity

## Short description
PowerShell is as case-insensitive as possible while preserving case.

## Long description

As a general principle, PowerShell is as case insensitive as possible while preserving case and not
breaking the underlying OS.

### On Unix-based systems

On Unix-based systems, PowerShell is case-sensitive because filesystem manipulation and environment
variables directly affect the underlying operating system and integration with other tools.

## On all systems

- PowerShell variables are case-insensitive

  Variable names have no interaction between them and the underlying operating system. PowerShell
  treats them case-insensitively.

- Module names are case-insensitive (with exceptions)

>   The _name_ of the module a pure PowerShell concept and treated case-insensitively. However, there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The _name_ of the module is purely a PowerShell concept and treated case-insensitively. However, there
```

Reviewer: I believe this change will be needed across versions.
